c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\AngularJSDeneme.dll.config
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\AngularJSDeneme.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\AngularJSDeneme.pdb
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\obj\Debug\AngularJSDeneme.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\obj\Debug\AngularJSDeneme.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\obj\Debug\AngularJSDeneme.pdb
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\burakyaldirak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularJSDeneme\AngularJSDeneme\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
